Fix broken links to documentation pages (#3147)
apache/camel: core/camel-core/src/main/docs/eips/marshal-eip.adoc

[[marshal-eip]]
= Marshal EIP

> Marshalling is the opposite of unmarshalling, where a bean is marshalled into some binary or textual format for transmission over some transport via a Camel https://github.com/apache/camel/tree/master/components[Components]. Marshalling is used in the same way as unmarshalling above; in the https://github.com/apache/camel/blob/master/docs/user-manual/modules/ROOT/pages/dsl.adoc[DSL] you can use a DataFormat instance, you can configure the DataFormat dynamically using the DSL or you can refer to a named instance of the format in the https://github.com/apache/camel/blob/master/docs/user-manual/modules/ROOT/pages/registry.adoc[Registry].

Reviewer: Here it would be better if we were to link between pages using `xref`. There's some [documentation on the Antora site](https://docs.antora.org/antora/2.0/asciidoc/page-to-page-xref/) that explains this better. Those links won't work on GitHub but they will when rendered as a part of the website build.

If you want to test your changes you can run `./mvnw -f docs verify` from the root of the git repository, this will both copy files into right locations and run a check to see if all the `xref` links are pointing to an existing document.

```suggestion
Marshalling is the opposite of unmarshalling, where a bean is marshalled into some binary or textual format for transmission over some transport via a Camel xref:components::index.adoc[Components]. Marshalling is used in the same way as unmarshalling above; in the xref:dsl.adoc[DSL] you can use a DataFormat instance, you can configure the DataFormat dynamically using the DSL or you can refer to a named instance of the format in the xref:registry.adoc[Registry].
```
